updated shortname reference on home page and v14 support notes (#2061)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/bart/2.6/bart_inst/index.mdx

-   To view a complete list of supported platforms, see [Platform Compatibility](https://www.enterprisedb.com/platform-compatibility).

!!! Note

>     BART is not supported by EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL version 14 and later. It is strongly recommended you move to Barman or pgBackRest as your backup recovery tool. See [Moving to a New Backup Tool](../bart_migration) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
    BART is not supported by EDB Postgres Advanced Server or PostgreSQL version 14 and later. EDB strongly recommends you move to Barman or pgBackRest as your backup recovery tool. See [Moving to a New Backup Tool](../bart_migration) for more information.
```
